I didn't want to wake you but I really
want to show you something so many
movies been in
our 60 I drew up on the first one you
buddy then you took money from others
biggest dealer you were a top two and
now you're garbage you're nothing you
know the story are you in the Mafia my
you know what are you gay some may
question my methods
but they do work I like the way you
destroy stuff the technique is a spark
to your work that can't be taught
sheriff let's start yeah well before I
sleep from someone that doesn't count
look at me I'm big what's to stop me
from just placing you in the hole I know
that sex then I'm gonna kiss you big man
I love you maybe maybe I don't know how
to show it I didn't want a movie during
the book but I have loved the gym
filmmaker that writes it shoots it go to
bed I'll get you I'm tell you where you
gotta be
I don't take orders with you he's a bit
of an otter Wow I just use that word
[Music]